content/ecosystem/overview.md, before:

---
title: "Ecosystem"
---

<!-- Page title -->
<column>

<block>

<hero-title>

## Ecosystem

</hero-title>

</block>

</column>

<!-- block header -->
<column number="2" number-m="2" number-s="1" weight="left">

<block>

### DApps

Use the following Secret Network block explorers for staking, governance proposals, viewing transactions and active validators, and much more.

</block>

</column>

<!-- DApps -->
<column class="spacer-s">

<block>

<card-grid title="Secret Apps" collection="dApps" :pageSize="5" :isPaginated="false"></card-grid>

</block>

</column>

<!-- block header -->
<column number="2" number-m="2" number-s="1" weight="left">

<block>

### Contributors

Use the following Secret Network block explorers for staking, governance proposals, viewing transactions and active validators, and much more.

</block>

</column>

<!-- Contributors -->
<column class="spacer-s contributors-container">

<block>

<card-grid title="Contributors" collection="contributors" :pageSize="15" :isPaginated="true"></card-grid>

</block>

</column>

<!-- block header -->
<column number="2" number-m="2" number-s="1" weight="left">

<block>

### Tools & Wallets

Use the following Secret Network block explorers for staking, governance proposals, viewing transactions and active validators, and much more.

</block>

</column>

<!-- Tools and Wallets -->
<column class="spacer-s tools-and-wallets-container">

<block>

<card-grid title="Tools & Wallets" collection="toolsAndWallets" :pageSize="15" :isPaginated="false"></card-grid>

</block>

</column>

<!-- block header -->
<column id="wallet-support" number="2" number-m="1" number-s="1" weight="left">

<block>

### Exchange and Wallet Support

Secret Network is secured by the SCRT coin (Secret), which is used for fees, staking, and governance. You can trade Secret (SCRT) on Binance. See also: CoinMarketCap and CoinGecko. Multiple wallets already provide support for SCRT transactions and staking.

</block>

</column>

<!-- Exchanges -->
<column class="spacer-s">

<block>

<card-grid title="Exchanges" collection="exchanges" :pageSize="15" :isPaginatd="false"></card-grid>

</block>

</column>

Commit message:

Several fixes
- Add leads in commitees page
- Fix top padding when selecting an anchor in about sub-pages
- Add about sub-pages hero images
- Add links in about pages to go to sub-pages

content/ecosystem/overview.md, after:

---
title: "Ecosystem"
---

<!-- Page title -->
<column>

<block>

<hero-title>

## Ecosystem

</hero-title>

</block>

</column>

<!-- block header -->
<column number="2" number-m="2" number-s="1" weight="left">

<block>

### DApps

Secret Apps are made from powerful, privacy-preserving smart contracts (i.e. secret contracts). Leveraging the
computational privacy of Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) and secret contracts, users have privacy by default
when interacting with Secret Apps - unlocking the full value of decentralized applications.

</block>

</column>

<!-- DApps -->
<column class="spacer-s">

<block>

<card-grid title="Secret Apps" collection="dApps" :pageSize="5" :isPaginated="false"></card-grid>

</block>

</column>

<!-- block header -->
<column number="2" number-m="2" number-s="1" weight="left">

<block>

### Contributors

Secret Network is made possible by a range of decentralized contributors that make Secret Network what it is today.
This includes developers, validators, wallet and tool creators, funds, and more. All of these contributors have played
a key role in the success of Secret Network!

</block>

</column>

<!-- Contributors -->
<column class="spacer-s contributors-container">

<block>

<card-grid title="Contributors" collection="contributors" :pageSize="15" :isPaginated="true"></card-grid>

</block>

</column>

<!-- block header -->
<column number="2" number-m="2" number-s="1" weight="left">

<block>

### Tools & Wallets

Tools, wallets, and block explorers empower users to interact with Secret Network and the Secret DeFi ecosystem.
Secret Network is secured by the SCRT coin (Secret), which is used for fees, staking, and governance. Multiple wallets
provide support for SCRT transactions and stakings. Additionally, block explorers help with staking, governance
proposals, viewing transactions, active validators, and more.

</block>

</column>

<!-- Tools and Wallets -->
<column class="spacer-s tools-and-wallets-container">

<block>

<card-grid title="Tools & Wallets" collection="toolsAndWallets" :pageSize="15" :isPaginated="false"></card-grid>

</block>

</column>

<!-- block header -->
<column id="wallet-support" number="2" number-m="1" number-s="1" weight="left">

<block>

### Exchanges

Secret Network is secured by the SCRT coin (Secret), which is used for fees, staking, and governance. You can trade
Secret (SCRT) on Binance. See also: CoinMarketCap and CoinGecko. Multiple wallets already provide support for SCRT
transactions and staking.

</block>

</column>

<!-- Exchanges -->
<column class="spacer-s">

<block>

<card-grid title="Exchanges" collection="exchanges" :pageSize="15" :isPaginatd="false"></card-grid>

</block>

</column>
